Rettelse PR (#62)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/appendix/word_count_distributions.tex

\subsection{Distributions of the Corpus and Topics by Word Count}

> In this section we will look at the word count distributions for the corpus and the topics shown in \autoref{fig:30TopicWords}, and describe some observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we will investigate the word count distributions for the corpus and the topics shown in \autoref{fig:30TopicWords}, and describe some observations.
```
